Adds a new datagen input adapter for tables. (#2107)
feldera/feldera: docs/tutorials/basics/part4.md

> # Part 4: Random Data Generation

Reviewer: link to `datagen` connector docs somewhere in this page.

```commandline
curl -L -X PATCH 'http://localhost:8080/v0/pipelines/supply_chain' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Accept: application/json' \
-d '{
  "connectors": [
    {
      "connector_name": "vendor-datagen",
      "is_input": true,
      "name": "vendor-to-vendor-datagen",
      "relation_name": "vendor"
    },
    {
      "connector_name": "part-datagen",
      "is_input": true,
      "name": "part-to-part-datagen",
      "relation_name": "part"
    },
    {
      "connector_name": "price-datagen",
      "is_input": true,
      "name": "price-to-price-datagen",
      "relation_name": "price"
    }
  ],
  "name": "supply_chain",
  "description": "",
  "program_name": "supply_chain"
}'
```

## Step 3. Start and watch the pipeline

Finally, let's start the pipeline:

```commandline
curl -L -X POST 'http://localhost:8080/v0/pipelines/supply_chain/start' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'Accept: application/json'
```

You can go and inspect the pipeline and corresponding data in the WebConsole. You see a throughput of 1 record 
per second with one row in prices changing every second.

To summarize Part 4 of the tutorial,

> - We can attach a random generator to Feldera tables to simulate different scenarios such as back-fill, continuous 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We can attach a random generator to Feldera tables to simulate different scenarios such as backfill, continuous 
```
